que 1: Why Django should be used for web-development? Explain how you 
can create a project in Django?
--> django is a one type frame work it is easy to understand and with the use of django it compleates more 
    than 50% devlopment . it is also make admin side and also make 1 to more than project. localhost:8000
    is django code.
  - how create project>
  1. create virtual enviroment=python -m venv myenv
  2. activate virtual enviroment = myenv\Scripts\activate
  3. install django = pip install django
  4. check django version
  5. dajngo start project
  6. python manage.py startproject myproject
  7. python manage.py createsuperuser
  8. python manage.py makemigrations
  9. python manage.py migrate

que 2 :How to check installed version of django?  
--> "django --version" 

que 3: Explain what does django-admin.py make messages command is used for?
--> run over the entire source tree of the current direction and puls out all strings marked 
    for translation.it cretates a message file in the location.

que 4 :What is Django URLs?make program to create django urls 
--> Django app urls.py: First, a urls.py file needs to be created within the application. Each project in Django
    should maintain its own urls.py file for every application.
    This ensures effortless inclusion and exclusion of applications from the project.

que 5 :What is a QuerySet?Write program to create a new Post object in database:
--> A QuerySet is a collection of data from a database. A QuerySet is built up as a list of objects.
 QuerySets makes it easier to get the data you actually need,by allowing you to filter and order the
 data at an early stage.

que 6 :Mention what command line can be used to load data into Django?
--> To load data into Django you have to use the command line Django-admin.py loaddata. The command line will 
    searches the data and loads the contents of the named fixtures into the database.

que 7: Explain what does django-admin.py make messages command is used for?
--> Same as question 3